README.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Stat 999
nav_exclude: true
permalink: /:path/
seo:
  type: Course
  name: Stat 999
---

# Short Title of Class
{: .mb-2 }
UC Berkeley
{: .mb-0 .fs-6 .text-grey-dk-000 }


## Offerings

[//]: # (Items below should be of the form [Semester YYYY](semester-year)

[//]: # (Notably the paths should not have leading slashes in real sites.)

1. [Spring 2023 (Quarto)](/stat999-quarto)
1. [Fall 2024 (MyST)](/stat999-myst)

## Overview

This is a GitHub Pages template based on Just the Class, developed for the purpose of quickly deploying course overview websites. Such websites link to previous course offerings, provide a summary of what the course is about, and may list learning goals and prerequisites. This paragraph would normally be replaced by an overview of a specific course, and could include information from the [Berkeley Academic Guide](https://guide.berkeley.edu/courses/stat/).

When instantiating this template, change:

  - `README.md`
    - the `title` and `name` fields in the frontmatter
    - the "Short Title of Class" heading to be the course name followed by its title in the Academic Guide, e.g. "Stat 555: Adventures in Class Websites"
    - add an initial entry in the Offerings section
    - the Overview section and Prequisites, based on content in the [Academic Guide](https://guide.berkeley.edu/courses/stat/)

  - `_config.yml`
    - Set `baseurl` to be the empty string, ''.
    - Set `url` to be the institutional address, e.g. https://stat555.stat.berkeley.edu

## Goals

- **Do** list some goals for the course here.

- **Or do not** list some goals.

- **Decide** if this section is relevant.

## Prerequisites
While we are working to make this class widely accessible, we currently require the following (or equivalent) prerequisites:

1. **Name of First Class:** Stat 555 covers important things.

1. **Some Other Class:** Stat 777 covers other topics.

Commit message:

Auto-generate README.md and _config.yml.

README.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Stat 131a: Statistical Methods for Data Science
nav_exclude: true
permalink: /:path/
seo:
  type: Course
  name: Stat 131a: Statistical Methods for Data Science
---

# Stat 131a: Statistical Methods for Data Science
{: .mb-2 }
UC Berkeley
{: .mb-0 .fs-6 .text-grey-dk-000 }


## Offerings

[//]: # (Items below should be of the form [Semester YYYY](semester-year)

[//]: # (Notably the paths should not have leading slashes in real sites.)

[//]: # 1. [Spring 2023 (Quarto)](/stat999-quarto)
[//]: # 1. [Fall 2024 (MyST)](/stat999-myst)

## Overview

This course teaches a broad range of statistical methods that are used to solve data problems. Topics include group comparisons and ANOVA, standard parametric statistical models, multivariate data visualization, multiple linear regression, logistic regression and classification, regression trees and random forests. An important focus of the course is on statistical computing and reproducible statistical analysis. The course and lab include hands-on experience in analyzing real world data from the social, life, and physical sciences. The R statistical language is used.


## Prerequisites

Statistics/Computer Science/Information C8 or Statistics 20; and Mathematics 1A, Mathematics 16A, or Mathematics 10A/10B. Strongly recommended corequisite: Statistics 33A or Statistics 133.
